behold a king will reign in
behold a king will reign in righteousness and princess will rule
righteousness and princess will rule
righteousness and princess will rule with justice a man will be as a hiding
with justice a man will be as a hiding
with justice a man will be as a hiding place from the wind and a cover from The
place from the wind and a cover from The
place from the wind and a cover from The Tempest as rivers of water in a dry
Tempest as rivers of water in a dry
Tempest as rivers of water in a dry place as the shadow of a great rock in a
place as the shadow of a great rock in a
place as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land the eyes of those who see
weary land the eyes of those who see
weary land the eyes of those who see will not be dim and the ears of those
will not be dim and the ears of those
will not be dim and the ears of those who hear will listen also the heart of
who hear will listen also the heart of
who hear will listen also the heart of the rash will understand knowledge and
the rash will understand knowledge and
the rash will understand knowledge and the tongue of the stammerers will be
the tongue of the stammerers will be
the tongue of the stammerers will be ready to speak plainly the foolish
ready to speak plainly the foolish
ready to speak plainly the foolish person will no longer be called generous
person will no longer be called generous
person will no longer be called generous nor the miser said to be bountiful for
nor the miser said to be bountiful for
nor the miser said to be bountiful for the foolish person will speak
the foolish person will speak
the foolish person will speak foolishness and his heart will work
foolishness and his heart will work
foolishness and his heart will work iniquity to practice ungodliness to
iniquity to practice ungodliness to
iniquity to practice ungodliness to utter error against the Lord to keep the
utter error against the Lord to keep the
utter error against the Lord to keep the hungry unsatisfied and he will cause the
hungry unsatisfied and he will cause the
hungry unsatisfied and he will cause the drink of the thirsty to fail also the
drink of the thirsty to fail also the
drink of the thirsty to fail also the schemes of the schemer are evil he
schemes of the schemer are evil he
schemes of the schemer are evil he devises wicked plans to destroy the poor
devises wicked plans to destroy the poor
devises wicked plans to destroy the poor with lying words even when the needy
with lying words even when the needy
with lying words even when the needy speaks justice but a generous man
speaks justice but a generous man
speaks justice but a generous man devises generous things and by
devises generous things and by
devises generous things and by generosity he shall stand
generosity he shall stand
generosity he shall stand rise up you women who are at ease hear
rise up you women who are at ease hear
rise up you women who are at ease hear my voice you complacent daughters give
my voice you complacent daughters give
my voice you complacent daughters give ear to my speech in a year and some days
ear to my speech in a year and some days
ear to my speech in a year and some days you will be troubled you complacent
you will be troubled you complacent
you will be troubled you complacent women for the vintage you will fail the
women for the vintage you will fail the
women for the vintage you will fail the gathering will not come tremble you
gathering will not come tremble you
gathering will not come tremble you women who are at ease be troubled you
women who are at ease be troubled you
women who are at ease be troubled you complacent ones strip yourselves make
complacent ones strip yourselves make
complacent ones strip yourselves make yourselves bear
yourselves bear
yourselves bear and gird sack cloth on your waists
and gird sack cloth on your waists
and gird sack cloth on your waists people shall mourn upon their breasts
people shall mourn upon their breasts
people shall mourn upon their breasts for the pleasant fields for the fruitful
for the pleasant fields for the fruitful
for the pleasant fields for the fruitful vine on the land of my people will come
vine on the land of my people will come
vine on the land of my people will come up thorns and briers yes on all the
up thorns and briers yes on all the
up thorns and briers yes on all the happy homes in the joyous city because
happy homes in the joyous city because
happy homes in the joyous city because the palaces will be forsaken the
the palaces will be forsaken the
the palaces will be forsaken the bustling city will be deserted the forts
bustling city will be deserted the forts
bustling city will be deserted the forts and towers will become lairs forever a
and towers will become lairs forever a
and towers will become lairs forever a joy of wild donkeys a pasture of flocks
joy of wild donkeys a pasture of flocks
joy of wild donkeys a pasture of flocks until the spirit is poured upon us from
until the spirit is poured upon us from
until the spirit is poured upon us from on high and the wilderness becomes a
on high and the wilderness becomes a
on high and the wilderness becomes a fruitful field and the fruitful field is
fruitful field and the fruitful field is
fruitful field and the fruitful field is counted as a forest then justice will
counted as a forest then justice will
counted as a forest then justice will dwell in the wilderness and
dwell in the wilderness and
dwell in the wilderness and righteousness remain in the fruitful
righteousness remain in the fruitful
righteousness remain in the fruitful field the work of righteousness will be
field the work of righteousness will be
field the work of righteousness will be peace and the effect of righteousness
peace and the effect of righteousness
peace and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance forever
quietness and assurance forever
quietness and assurance forever my people will dwell in a peaceful
my people will dwell in a peaceful
my people will dwell in a peaceful habitation in secure dwellings and in
habitation in secure dwellings and in
habitation in secure dwellings and in quiet resting places though hail comes
quiet resting places though hail comes
quiet resting places though hail comes down on the forest and the city is
down on the forest and the city is
down on the forest and the city is brought low in humiliation blessed are
brought low in humiliation blessed are
brought low in humiliation blessed are you who sew beside all waters who send
you who sew beside all waters who send
you who sew beside all waters who send out freely the feet of the ox and the
out freely the feet of the ox and the
out freely the feet of the ox and the donkey